service environment variable (#3809)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/add-services/elasticsearch.md

For [premium versions](#supported-versions),
the service type is `elasticsearch-enterprise`.

{{% note %}}

>   {{% vendor/name %}} generates for you corresponding [service environment variables](/development/variables/_index.md#service-specific-variables) for each `PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` keys, with the pattern:
>   ```bash
>   {{< variable "<RELATIONSHIP_NAME>" >}}_<KEY>=<VALUE>
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% vendor/name %}} generates for you corresponding [service environment variables](/development/variables/_index.md#service-specific-variables) for each `PLATFORM_RELATIONSHIPS` keys, in the ${{< variable "RELATIONSHIP_NAME" >}}-_{{< variable "SERVICE_PROPERTY" >}} format.
```
